FilePlanDescriptors for RetentionLabels (#20879)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-appliedcategory.md

---
title: "appliedCategory resource type"

> description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention label."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention label."
```
```suggestion
description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of the type category applied to a particular retention label."
```

> description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention labels."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention labels."
```
```suggestion
description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention label."
```

> description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of the type category applied to a particular retention label."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention label."
```

author: "sseth"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# appliedCategory resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the file plan descriptor of type category applied to a particular retention labels.
```
```suggestion
Represents the file plan descriptor of the type category applied to a particular retention label.
```

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.security.filePlanDescriptor](../resources/security-fileplandescriptor.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|displayName|String|Unique string that defines a category name applied to the label. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.filePlanDescriptor](../resources/security-fileplandescriptor.md).|

> |subCategory|[microsoft.graph.security.subCategory](../resources/security-subcategory.md)|Represents the file plan descriptor of type subcategory under this category that is applied to a particular  retention label.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|subCategory|[microsoft.graph.security.subCategory](../resources/security-subcategory.md)|Represents the file plan descriptor for a subcategory under a specific category, which has been assigned to a particular retention label.|
```
